Update README.md (#34)
dotkernel/development: wsl/os/almalinux9/README.md

Already existing ones will be skipped, no need to comment or remove them.

### NOTE

> > by using the pattern `*.localhost` for any new virtualhost, you do not need to modify `hosts` file in Win 11, are routed by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By using the pattern `*.localhost` for any new virtualhost, you do not need to modify the `hosts` file in Windows, because these are routed by default.
```
I'd not specify the OS version, in hope that this setup should work on upcoming version(s) as well. What do you think?

You will install your project under the `html` directory of your project, for example: `/var/www/example.localhost/html`.

> ### NOTE

Reviewer: Shouldn't we prepend these notes to the already existing **Note** section below this one?
